I have had no previous experinces with Node or NPM before.
I have also had no experince with any similiar tool.

I think it was quite hard working with Node and express since I did not have any experince with it.
The videos form the lectures really helped along with the exercises to get some idea of what you cvould do with it.
Javascript has been easier working with since we have had it for several lectures now and much of the coding is quite simular to that of Java.

I was aiming for grade 3 since I wanted the basics done as soon as I could but the task proved harder than I had anticipated.
The first parts for grade 3 was not that hard and with the guidance from the examples I managed to create the prot 1337 and node index that started everything up.
The report part was not that hard aswell and the copy of report could be accessed quite fast.
The module I organized with the help of the example and added the path to /lotto in the index.
I was a bit confused with the modules but I think I got them sorted like they should be, this was very different from Java that I am used to.
The hard part for me during this assignment was to get an HTML table that had certain cells colored with the lotto numbers.
I had problem with finding something that would allow me to fill in seperate cells and not the whole rows or columns.
Finally found a video that helped me put bgcolor in the <td> tag which allowed me to finish the rest for grade 3 quite quickly althoguh a bit sloppy in my own opinion.

I aimed for grade 3 and the hard part with this was the HTML table with having some cells filled in but the others as they were.

I have learned how to fill in single cells in a table with color and gotten a good grasp on how to create my HTML table with the combonation of having a var and filling it in with more details to build the whole table from scratch.
I have learned how to work with node and express in order to create a port on my localhost that I can acess to get on the webb to try out my own programs.
I have also learned alot about how to use modules although I still find it to be quite hard to put good naming on the maps and files that I put there.